<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE refentry PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.5-Based Variant V1.1//EN" "dtd/kdedbx45.dtd" [
<!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE">
]>

<!--  Please keep this man page content in sync with Command Line Options sections of Okular handbook -->
<refentry lang="&language;">
<refentryinfo>
<title>LabPlot User's Manual</title>
<author><firstname>Helen</firstname><surname>Faulkner</surname>
<contrib>LabPlot man page.</contrib>
<email>helen_ml_faulkner@yahoo.co.uk</email></author>
<date>2018-09-28</date>
<releaseinfo>LabPlot 2.6</releaseinfo>
<productname>LabPlot</productname>
</refentryinfo>

<refmeta>
<refentrytitle><command>labplot2</command></refentrytitle>
<manvolnum>1</manvolnum>
</refmeta>

<refnamediv>
<refname>labplot2</refname>
<refpurpose>an application by KDE for interactive graphing and analysis of scientific data.</refpurpose>
</refnamediv>
<!-- body begins here -->
<refsynopsisdiv id='synopsis'>
<cmdsynopsis>
  <command>labplot2</command>
    <arg choice="opt"><replaceable>LabPlot options</replaceable></arg>
    <arg choice="opt"><replaceable>file</replaceable></arg>
</cmdsynopsis>
</refsynopsisdiv>


<refsect1 id="description"><title>Description</title>
<para>
    LabPlot is a data plotting and analysis tool.
</para>
<para>
    Its features include 2D and 3D data and function plotting, easy editing of plots, analysis of data and functions, support for different worksheets using MDI and LabPlot project files.
</para>
<para>
    Note that LabPlot is called using <command>labplot2</command>.
</para>

</refsect1>

<refsect1 id="options"><title>LabPlot options</title>
<para>
    For a full summary of generic options, run <userinput><command>labplot2</command> <parameter>--help</parameter></userinput>.
</para>

<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><option>--no-splash</option></term>
<listitem>
<para>Do not show the splash screen.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><option>--presenter</option></term>
<listitem>
<para>Start in the presenter mode.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>
</refsect1>

<refsect1 id="arguments"><title>Arguments</title>
<variablelist>
  <varlistentry>
    <term><option>file</option></term>
  <listitem>
    <para>The location of the project to be opened, usually ending with <literal role="extension">.lml</literal>.</para>
    <para>The project file can be also compressed, with its filename ending with <literal role="extension">.lml.gz</literal>, <literal role="extension">.lml.bz2</literal> or <literal role="extension">.lml.xz</literal>.</para>
  </listitem>
  </varlistentry>
</variablelist>
</refsect1>

<refsect1>
<title>See Also</title>
<simplelist>
<member>Full user documentation is available through the KDE Help Centre.
You can also enter the URL <ulink
url="help:/labplot2">help:/labplot2</ulink>
(either enter this <acronym>URL</acronym> into &dolphin;, or run
<userinput><command>khelpcenter</command>
<parameter>help:/labplot2</parameter></userinput>).</member>
<member>kf5options(7)</member>
<member>qt5options(7)</member>
<member>There is also further information available at
<ulink url="https://labplot.kde.org/">https://labplot.kde.org/</ulink></member>
</simplelist>
</refsect1>

<refsect1 id="authors"><title>Authors</title>
<para>
    LabPlot2 was written by
</para>
<simplelist>
    <member>Stefan Gerlach &lt;stefan.gerlach@uni.kn&gt;,</member>
    <member>Alexander Semke &lt;alexander.semke@web.de&gt;,</member>
    <member>F&aacute;bi&aacute;n Krist&oacute;f-Szabolcs &lt;f-kristof@hotmail.com&gt;</member>
    <member>and several other authors.</member>
</simplelist>
<para>
    This manual page was prepared by Helen Faulkner &lt;helen_ml_faulkner@yahoo.co.uk&gt; for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
</para>
<para>
    License: GNU General Public Version 2 &lt;<ulink url="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html">http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html</ulink>&gt;
</para>
</refsect1>
</refentry>

